[sirens wailing]
[indistinct voice on radio]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[sirens wailing]
[drill]
[sirens stop]
-Hey. God bless you. sir.
-Yeah.
Yeah. this is Donovan.
I'm coming up.
Be there in a minute.
TWO CENTS FROM A PARIAH
[distorted cha-ching]
Thank you so much for coming.
I'm sorry I'm like this.
No need to be sorry.
You're going through
a very difficult time.
Losing a significant other
can be an almost...
incomprehensible assault
on the senses.
-You're so kind.
-Just here to help.
I'm...
I'm inheriting a large amount
of my husband's money.
When I signed the prenup
three years ago
I actually felt good about it.
But it feels dirty now.
No one doubts
you loved your husband.
Mrs. Daugherty.
You were by his side
every step of the way.
You deserve...
everything that's coming to you.
I cheated on him.
The whole time I was with him.
There were so many other men.
Was he aware?
I don't think so.
We all make mistakes.
But when I found out
he was sick.
and I asked the doctor
how long...
I wasn't thinking about...
his pain.
Or what he must be feeling.
I was thinking about...
how long it'd be
until he'd be gone
and I could have his money.
How long until I could...
stop sneaking around.
My-- my daughter...
she's actually older than me.
My step-daughter.
When she looks at me
it's like she knows.
Everything.
Are you afraid she'll...
-Expose you in some way.
-No.
I don't know. I...
Do you mind
if I run to the bathroom?
No. of course.
-Thanks. I'll be right back.
-Sure.
[sighs]
[exhales]
[clears throat]
[footsteps]
Sorry about that.
You must think
I'm a sick person.
On the contrary...
what you're feeling
is perfectly natural.
It'll pass.
The money.
You could choose
to do great things with it.
For yourself.
for others. charity.
You do what you think is right.
and you'll...
you'll find you'll drive out
the negativity.
Like...
an infection
through the bloodstream.
You'll feel like a new person.
What about the past?
You do the right thing
long enough...
you'll feel like the past
was never there.
Trust me.
Alright. I have
some calls to make
and a few errands. but...
-Here you are.
-Oh. thank you.
So we'll speak again soon?
I'd like that.
[elevator beeps]
[assistant] Good morning.
Mr. Strathmore.
Good morning.
-How are you today?
-I'm well. thank you.
So what's on the docket
for today?
It looks like you have a meeting
with Paul Anderson.
And the McGuires
would like to see you tomorrow
if that's alright.
I didn't know
they were back from LA.
Yeah.
Paul Anderson.
He say anything specific?
Just that he'd like to see you
at his office instead of home.
Okay.
Thank you for coming.
Of course. Paul.
What can I do for you today?
Well. for starters..
you remember that NDA form
I had you sign?
Of course.
Good.
Alright [sighs].
So...
A little while ago
I hired a dominatrix.
Yeah.
You know.
to shake things up a bit.
Nance doesn't know about her.
Obviously.
I do. and now you do.
And I'd like
to keep it that way.
Anyway. it was great at first.
I'll admit.
She's fun. Oh. is she fun.
She's a real mind fucker
if you know what I mean.
But now I feel
that it's started to get
into the deep end.
And I want to end it.
But I just can't seem
to get free of her.
Are you feeling
financially constrained
as a result
of her continuing services?
No. I can afford it.
That's not the problem.
It's more in my mind.
And. as I told you.
Nance doesn't know.
But my wife...
she's far from stupid.
Paul. you're going to need
to resist.
For the good of
not only yourself.
but everyone around you.
You have got to stop
this poison from spreading.
You're right. Donovan.
You're right.
What a wonderful choice of words
because she is poison
and you know what...
I love drinking her.
Getting fucking loaded on her.
I mean look at me.
Look at me. I mean it's like...
I think she might be able
to blackmail me.
Here's the deal.
Talk to her. Donovan. please.
because you're the only one
that can fix this.
I will make it worth your while.
Name it.
[slow jazz music playing]
I'll stand.
But you're shaking.
I'll get right to the point.
My client. Paul Anderson.
He wants to stop seeing you.
He's afraid if he does.
you'll blackmail him.
[laughs]
I'm a professional.
I would never
actually blackmail anyone.
He gets off on the idea
of it. that's all.
He's free to go
without any consequences at all.
But as long as he pays me
for my services...
I'll give him my best.
Yeah?
You're saying he knows
you wouldn't blackmail him.
Of course he does.
He's a rich man
who has everything.
So he pays
for the illusion of danger.
Getting close
to what it'd feel like
to lose everything.
Without ever having to.
It's all a game.
That's a perverse way
of making a living.
[laughing]
You're his life coach. right?
The one who fills him
with all the religious fervor.
I try to lead him
down the path of righteousness.
So do I.
As yourself this.
Are you here...
because you truly care
about his wellbeing?
Or because he paid you
to be here?
What fun you would be.
Yeah. Paul. Donovan here.
I called her. as you asked.
She's something. isn't she?
Yeah. listen Paul.
I think that you seriously
need to tell your wife.
No. Donovan. no.
I already told you
that's not in the cards.
She'd divorce me
and take everything.
No. listen to me.
Whatever you think you have.
what you're feeling
with this woman. is not real.
It's a game.
Especially the danger.
Alright. now listen.
You could leave her in a minute
and there would be no
repercussions. she told me.
-She said that?
-Yeah. she did.
Listen. you...
You pay me for advice. right?
I think what you need to do
is accept that you're an addict.
I think it's great you kept
the place here in New York.
You two enjoying the break
from the LA scene?
But it doesn't feel
like a break anymore.
Brandon here just got offered
the best payday of his career.
Leading role in a comedy.
And he wants to turn it down.
[Tori] Can you believe that?
[Brandon] I've been going
nonstop. alright?
I finally realized.
after so many years
of being poor.
that I'm doing pretty good.
I want to take a break.
Just some time off. you know.
Actually see my wife and kids.
Otherwise...
what's the point
of all this work?
Well family is
what matters most.
Exactly.
Why does it feel like
you don't want to spend time
with me anymore?
Baby.
I want to be able
to tell our kids...
that their father was
the highest-grossing movie star
of all time.
Not that he squandered away
his opportunities.
I mean what kind of example
would that set for our kids?
Alright. let's all take
a deep breath.
I was going on a date
after work.
-So that's why... Yeah.
-Oh yeah?
So...
How'd it go?
It was okay.
What about you?
Are you seeing anybody?
You know.
you never mentioned someone.
Okay...
Thank you all
for coming out tonight.
and let's put our hands together
for the man of the hour.
Mr. Donovan Strathmore.
Thank you.
Thank you. thank you all
very much. I...
I appreciate your being here.
It's been a great deal of time
since we were last together.
And I have to confess.
the reason for that is...
because of the fact
that I've been very busy
working on my new book.
which I'm pleased to say
is going to be released
within five days.
So thank you all
for your support.
[applause]
Every time
we have new people here.
we always acknowledge them.
I see some old faces.
I see a couple new faces.
and I want to introduce
a couple people to you.
Brandon
and Tori McGuire.
Brandon and Tori came in from LA
to be with us.
And I know that everybody here
will give us the old welcome.
Brandon. I'm very proud
of both of you
for making the decision
and taking that part
in that new film.
I can speak for each of us
when I say
that we are all going to be
front and center. first row
when you make your premiere
here in New York.
In the time
since our last gathering. I--
I've been...
I've been thinking a lot
about what it means
to be a good person
in this world of temptation.
There are lots of opportunities
for people to go astray
and have
self-injurious behavior.
And for that reason I believe
that it's a matter
of resisting temptation.
The temptation to stray
from the path of righteousness.
The temptation
of the material world.
Temptation of the flesh.
We must not allow ourselves
to become breasts.
Beasts.
We must...
[Donovan clears throat]
We must not become beasts.
Excuse me. Um. sorry.
We must rise
above the fires of the pit
and transcend the shallow--
the so-called values...
of this increasingly
material world.
We must know...
that the serpent
from the garden of Eden
still lives here among us.
Make no mistake.
I think that went well.
There were some donations.
-Thanks.
-Excuse me. Mr. Strathmore.
Could I speak with him briefly
in private if you don't mind.
[assistant] No. not at all.
I'll leave you two.
Do your thing.
Thank you
for your message tonight.
I really appreciate all you do.
Oh. really? Thanks.
And thanks for coming.
I was wondering.
do you have dinner plans?
Well actually. I'm...
You put together
such a great program and...
I don't know. I thought
maybe I could take you out.
Treat you to dinner.
Show my appreciation.
Um...
Well this is...
It's a nice place. thank you
for getting the reservation.
Wow.
It's nice.
Seeing you like this.
Outside the realm
of a professional relationship.
Seeing you just as... a man.
I'm always just a man.
You know what I mean.
No. I...
You-- you're so handsome.
The more I look at your face
without a professional barrier.
Thank you. Thank you for the...
for the compliment.
You look unprofessional. too.
Did you know
you're the first man
I've ever bought dinner for?
No. no actually I insist
that I pick up the check.
No. I forbid it.
-I want to do it.
-You sure?
Positively.
You know my place isn't far.
Want to walk me home?
It would be very gentlemanly
of you.
I don't like walking alone
in the dark.
Okay.
[foreboding music]
You... You remind me of him.
My husband.
Um...
Have you ever lost someone?
I'm sorry.
I can't do this.
[eerie vocalization]
[Donovan crying]
I KNOW YOUR SECRETS.
DO AS I SAY
OR THE WORLD WILL LEARN
ABOUT THE HYPOCRITICAL ADDICT
WHO COULDN'T TAKE
HIS OWN ADVICE.
[ominous music]
IF YOU DON'T WANT THE WORLD
TO LEARN THE TRUTH ABOUT YOU.
TRANSFER $1.000.000.
THE BANK WON'T ALLOW ME
TO JUST WIRE THAT MUCH AT ONCE.
I'LL NEED SOME TIME
YOU HAVE 72 HOURS.
IF YOU GO TO THE POLICE.
I'LL KNOW.
AND YOUR SECRETS WILL BECOME
PUBLIC KNOWLEDGE IMMEDIATELY.
Why were you
at my event last night?
I was protecting my investment.
Extorting me. you mean?
I'm talking
about our mutual client.
What's this about extortion?
He was afraid
you were going to blackmail him.
And I told you I would never
actually do that to someone.
[man inside] Goddess Emiliana.
please come back.
Is that him?
Somebody hacked my computer
and they're threatening me.
I saw you leave
before the event was over.
You saying that it wasn't you?
That's not my thing.
I choose to work for a living.
After all.
"we must not allow ourselves
"to become breasts."
If you want something else...
make an appointment.
What brings you here today.
Mr. Strathmore?
Uh. I've been...
I've been hacked.
Somebody's trying to scare me
into giving them money.
I see.
Well I'll tell you up front.
you're not the type of client
that usually rolls up in here.
What do you mean?
I worked Internal Affairs
for eight years.
I was good at it.
Too good.
I realized they didn't
really want me to be.
So I started up this firm
to help the people
that can't afford our...
rigged system.
Clearly you can.
That's what I mean.
If you don't want to work
with me. I can just--
Listen.
Any idea who might be trying
to blackmail you?
Could by anybody.
Somebody I met? I--
Let's see. my-- my assistant.
This client
named Marsha Daugherty.
It's D-A-U-G-H-E-R-T-Y.
I saw her on the day
that message came up
on my computer screen.
Then there's this dominatrix
that I had to talk to for work.
Could be a punk hacker
who's just got too much time
on their hands.
I just. I can't rack my brain.
I just don't know.
Alright. what about anybody
from your past
that might have a grudge?
Ex-lover?
Yeah. there is one.
Now look. this is
totally confidential. right.
Any private investigator
who can't keep a secret...
is a private investigator
without work.
And I know your money's green.
Alright.
So there's this woman.
But I haven't heard from her
in decades.
Can you tell me her name?
Of course. It's Maureen...
Nyman. N-Y-M-A-N.
She'd be about my age now.
Look. I only have a couple days
to solve this. so I...
Alright. I'll do my best.
But full disclosure.
that's nearly an impossible
turnaround time.
No guarantees.
Alright.
Now let's talk fees.
[phone vibrating]
Hello?
-[PI] Mr. Strathmore.
-Yeah.
-This is Rod Fitzgerald.
-Okay.
Still working on a few angles.
but there's one that went cold.
Maureen Nyman...
She died about two years ago.
Overdose.
I'll stay in touch
with any updates.
Sure.
[phone clatters on ground]
LOVE ALWAYS. MAUREEN
[ominous music]
[no audible dialogue]
I got something
I want you to take a look at.
From the security cameras
at the event.
Had to pull a few strings
with my friends at the precinct.
Looks like this young lady
snuck into your dressing room.
Probably messed
with your computer there.
Do you recognize her?
Your ex. Maureen...
had a daughter in '89
named Evelyn Nyman.
The father was a fellow
by the name of David Schmidt.
Pulled her bank statements.
She took a trip recently
here to the city.
Positive match on her ID
in those photos.
Any reason she'd have a grudge
against you?
No.
Can I keep these?
I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
I'LL SEND YOU THE MONEY.
He's going to do it.
[chuckles]
[polite applause]
I've had the chance
to read the book.
It's one hell of a story.
Thanks. Connie. That means a lot
coming from you. Thank you.
Would you care to give
some of those
who might be unfamiliar
a little background.
Sure. well...
You know. Connie.
once you get
to a certain point in life.
You start to think about
how you got to where you are.
Everyday I deal
with some powerful
and well-known people. right?
And if you had told me.
when I was young.
that I would be doing this
for my job.
I would've thought
that you were joking.
So there were reports
that came out recently
that claimed to prove
a very different...
story about your history.
Are you aware of that?
First I've heard of it.
They were leaked very recently.
These reports...
They claim...
that you actually
spent some time in prison.
And that you had an--
No. no these were not...
These weren't in our list
of questions.
Let's get back to
the-- this is...
Would you care
to set the record straight?
Mr. Strathmore.
I have the reports right here.
-These documents appear valid.
-This is...
-Unbelievably unprofessional.
-Appear--
No. this interview is over.
-Call the car.
-Already on it. sir.
These weren't
in our list of questions.
Let's get back to
the-- this is...
Would you care
to set the record straight?
Mr. Strathmore.
I have the reports right here.
-These documents appear valid.
-This is...
-Unbelievably unprofessional.
-Appear--
No. this interview is over.
LYING AUTHOR EXPOSED
AT BOOK SIGNING.
WHY WOULD ANYONE
BUY THE BOOK ANYWAY?
THAT'S A MINUTE OF MY LIFE
I'LL NEVER GET BACK.
ANYONE ELSE READ THE LEAK
ABOUT THIS GUY?
PEOPLE LIKE STRATHMORE
PERPETUATE A VERY WARPED VERSION
OF CHRISTIANITY.
...you may hang up.
or press one for more options.
Mrs. Williamson.
I haven't heard back from you
about our next session.
Please let me know
if we're still on. thanks.
[ringing]
Hey. this is Brandon McGuire.
Leave a message
after the tone. Thanks.
Brandon. Donovan here.
Wanted to see how you and Tori
are doing. and...
see about scheduling
our next session.
So say hi to the kids
and take care in the meantime.
Bye.
[muffled speech]
Publisher's not happy at all
with how that interview went.
They've printed out
a lot of copies.
which means
it's a big investment for them.
They want to be sure
before they go on
with any more publicity.
It's about the sales.
I'm sure you understand.
Well. I'm sure everything
will blow over.
Good luck to you.
[footsteps receding]
[sighs]
[computer chimes]
THE RIDER NATHAN SHOW
DONOVAN STRATHMORE: FRAUD
Donovan Strathmore. a life coach
to the rich and famous.
has just been exposed
by an anonymous source
as a man leading a life
very different
from the advice he dishes out
at a book signing recently.
He was asked
about some of these allegations
and unable to conjure up
any defense.
He just walked out.
I don't know
if you've seen the video.
It's something
to check out. Look...
We've since learned
his actual name
is David Schmidt.
He's a recovering alcoholic
and drug addict
with a very checkered past.
Including a DUI.
where he hit a child pedestrian
who is now wheelchair-bound
for life.
Look it's not uncommon
for public personalities
change their names
to protect their privacy.
However this guy has been
covering up lots more than that.
He was arrested for distributing
illegal substances
just a few years
after the accident.
Didn't learn his lesson.
Then he spent some
time behind bars.
Strathmore's book
touches on none of this.
In fact. it appears
to be offering
a completely revised history.
-I got your message.
-What do you want?
-Where'd you find that video?
-That's just one of many.
They're all over the place.
Look. I'd really rather
not hear from you again.
Here's an interview
with Strathmore's assistant.
I've been his assistant
for two years.
I used to admire him.
But I guess it just
makes you question
if you ever
really know somebody.
I need you to punish me.
[leather thwacks]
Tell me you're a sick man.
-Say it. David.
-I'm a...
I'm a sick man.
Tell me you're a hypocrite.
I'm a hypocrite.
[different accent] I'm happy
you came back to see me.
Your voice...
Your name.
I'm sorry I accused you
of hacking me. I...
The more I thought about it
the more I realized.
I went to your event
because Paul invited me to.
He said he wanted to see
if he could resist me.
As I was leaving. I saw a girl.
Wearing gloves. walking out.
Thought maybe she was catering
at first. or something.
Did you ever find out
who blackmailed you?
Was it her?
Been seeing your name around
a lot lately.
You're becoming
a regular pariah.
They say it's never too late
to choose to be a good man.
I believe that.
You know what I see
when I look at you?
A man who wants to atone
for his sins.
A man who desperately wants
to do the right thing.
I think you should be
given a chance.
Nobody else does.
[she sighs]
People are so ready
to assume the worst.
They have a rabid appetite
to destroy anyone
with any sort of platform.
Especially those
they disagree with.
It's sometimes justice.
but it's always theater.
Heroes and villains.
black and white.
Good and evil.
The mind of the masses
is a simple one.
The world could use
a little tenderness.
I'm not going to charge you
for the session.
It was my pleasure.
Strange.
Here. now...
I'm experiencing
the only kindness
that I might have for...
maybe the rest of my life.
[laughs]
-Thank you.
-Always remember...
People are never just one thing.
I'll go grab you a towel.
Look don't tell me
to try and calm down.
I'm trying to explain this
to you. I've been hacked.
I want to make sure
you cancel everything.
The credit cards.
everything. hold--
Excuse me. I have a call.
Hold on please. do not...
get off the phone.
Yeah.
Yes?
Why didn't you tell me
you were Evelyn's father?
That you changed your name?
You left out a crucial detail
that could've helped
the investigation.
Doesn't matter anymore.
I guess it doesn't.
Your daughter.
she lives in Wisconsin.
If you want to ask her
for your money back or something
I can tell you where she works.
[no audible dialogue]
What the fuck
are you doing here.
you sick fuck?
I know it was you.
You promised me you wouldn't
give out that information
if I gave you what you wanted.
Yeah? Well promises. promises.
What'd you do when you found out
you knocked up my mom?
You ran off.
Do you know she lost
all her friends because of that?
Everyone saw her as a burden
and didn't want to help her.
She did nothing wrong.
but love your sorry fucking ass.
And she paid a terrible price
for it.
And she couldn't forget you
because seeing me everyday
made that impossible for her.
No. now you know what it's like
to feel untouchable.
Can we-- can we go somewhere
to talk?
-I just want to talk.
-Oh my God.
I didn't invite you here. dude.
I don't want
to fucking talk to you.
I don't owe you anything.
I don't owe it to you
to hear your sob story
and cleanse you of your guilt.
You are feeling exactly
how you should be feeling.
You made a big mistake
coming here.
Get the fuck away from me
before I call the bouncers
on your ass
and issue a restraining order.
Okay.
I'll go.
I'm waiting.
[thoughtful music]
You've got five minutes.
Follow my car.
[background chatter]
Out of all the names
you could've picked...
where the fuck did you come up
with Donovan Strathmore?
You're telling me you don't have
a stage name at work?
[waitress]
Can I get you anything?
-Coffee.
-Two coffees. Anything else?
-No. thanks.
So.
You tracked me down.
Came all the way here.
What were you expecting
would happen?
I just wanted to see you.
You're not getting
the money back.
It's not a--
It's not about the money.
-Look. I'm sorry--
-Everything you thought--
You thought you could make
some kind of comeback story
for yourself.
The reformed man. born again.
with a shitty new name
by the way.
handing out overpriced advice.
-I help people.
-Oh.
Have you? Only the rich.
That's not very Christ-like.
Everyone's equal
in the eyes of the Lord.
But not in your eyes.
They have to be able
to afford you
to get your services.
Look around.
Have you ever helped anyone
who truly needed it?
That's what I thought.
Maybe all this money
you're making.
maybe that's your new drug.
your new high.
Think about it.
Anything else?
This is great. thank you.
So really. all I get
is five minutes?
Yeah. We're on the clock.
Like one of your sessions.
It's already been two.
I was hoping to maybe...
find a way to make things right
with you.
[she laughs]
Oh shit.
We are way past that point. man.
I mean did you ever read
any of the letters
I sent you growing up.
I sent so many.
And I never got one response.
Not one.
You know. Mom...
Mom was furious
when she found out
I'd been writing you.
I'd found your address.
Written it down somewhere.
I still have all the letters.
All of them.
So what made you come up with
this scheme to get the money.
Heaven helps us cope
with knowing we're going to die.
The American dream...
helps us think that
all our hard work and suffering
will pay off once we're rich
and join the elites.
I've got not time for bullshit
bedtime stories. old man.
Your time's up.
I'm staying at the motel
down the street
if you want to see me again.
Room 108.
That's my daughter.
You snore.
How did you get in here?
Computers aren't the only thing
I can break into.
I didn't think you'd come.
I'm the embodiment of your sins.
I'm starting to enjoy
making you squirm.
Let me...
Let me show you something.
MY HOUSE
I'm sorry
I didn't give you that.
You asked why.
The money.
God. life
is so fucking hard. man.
Mom and I never had much.
She never stopped using.
Now I have
a one-year-old daughter.
Her name's Maureen.
Named after my mom.
Where is she?
With her dad.
You know if you needed money
you could have asked me.
I would've given it to you.
You ignored me my entire life.
Why would I think
that you would suddenly change?
Who's the father.
My fiancé. Adam.
This whole thing was actually
part his idea.
We needed a way
to keep food on the table. okay?
We thought with enough money
that we could...
finally live free. and simple.
and move west where it's warm.
Have a small wedding.
And give Maury
a comfortable childhood.
When are you moving?
I don't know.
a few months maybe.
Tie up some loose ends.
I. um...
I appreciate you telling me
that I'm a...
a grandfather.
I know you could've
left that out.
Yeah. well...
I appreciate
you keeping my letters.
But I also fucking hate you
for never writing me back.
I understand.
Look. um...
I wonder
if I can meet your family.
I don't think so.
Adam doesn't know you're here.
It's not a good idea.
Why?
He'd think that you
just want your money back.
And I'm not entirely sure
it's not why you're here either.
No. it's not about the money.
It's about trying--
No. I told you no sob story.
Oh God. I've got to go.
Will I see you again?
-I have another key.
-I don't care.
[car ignition]
[muffled country music
playing in store]
God bless you.
You know there's some breakfast
at this place that I'm staying.
-I could bring you some.
-Eat shit.
VACANCY
[latch turning]
Why are you on your knees?
-I'm praying.
-Oh.
That's what it is. okay.
Because from here
it kind of looks
like you're blowing
the Holy Spirit.
Which is a little homoerotic
for Christianity. no?
Why do you feel the need
to criticize my faith?
Did you do Twelve Step?
Yeah.
Someone force you to go?
No.
And in recovery
is where you found God?
I didn't have a moral compass.
Didn't worship anything
but my next high.
Drugs.
alcohol. sex. all of it.
You took the initiative.
To save yourself
when you committed
to Twelve Step.
The truth of God didn't do that
for you. you did.
Because deep down.
you actually did know
right from wrong.
I don't care what belief system
you latched onto in recovery.
That doesn't deserve the credit.
You do.
No. the minute you realize that
you will see
that you are accountable
for what you do.
That you're in control.
You know. Zeus 2.0
didn't predetermine your fate
and engrave it
on a golden scroll
on some white
fucking fluffy cloud.
Help me.
Help me find the verse
where it says.
"The Lord's work is to exonerate
the first-class guilt
"of the ruling class."
What would a stripper
know about God?
A lot more than a fucking junkie
that's for sure.
To those men...
I am a goddess.
They come
to my house of worship.
And they see me in the flesh.
They don't need a go-between guy
like you to take their money
so they can reach their deity.
You know...
I do wonder. though.
As you and I...
the goddess and the holy man...
take our money to the bank...
what are we really?
You took my money.
So.
So was the club
where you met your fiancé?
No.
Why wasn't meeting your daughter
part of your recovery?
It is.
It should've been.
I buried the man that I was.
I buried everything about him.
You and your mom.
I denied myself
any pleasure. I...
I punished myself with sobriety.
So that I don't go back--
Do you think
all of your self-punishing
somehow makes me feel better?
I help people--
I use what has helped me
to help other people.
Do you understand?
What the fuck
kind of rationality is that?
Look at me.
Do you think I asked you
because I gave a shit
about the answer?
I said look at me.
You need to say it.
Out loud.
Not for me.
For yourself.
Right now.
I felt...
that if I had...
contacted you...
that it would've made
our relationship real.
That I would've started
something that I couldn't...
maintain.
I hurt so many people.
I didn't want to make
the same mistake with you.
So I ran.
It was selfish. and I'm...
I am truly...
sorry.
How long are you planning
on staying here?
How long do you want me to?
These little talks...
they're nice.
But the truth is...
I don't want you here.
I want you gone. Yesterday.
God. anything I could've--
I could've gained from this
That ship sailed
a long time ago. buddy.
I'll leave if you want me to.
okay. but...
Let me ask you something.
Can I see your daughter?
I'll think about it.
[somber music]
[phone vibrates]
[bell chimes]
[muzak playing in store]
Nice place you got here.
Must be great to be surrounded
by such beauty as this.
Pays the bills.
$21.10 for the bouquet.
You take cash?
-[Evelyn] Okay.
-[knocking]
The sauce... Come in. it's open.
That's what Mommy does.
Hi.
These are for you.
They were your mom's favorite.
I know. Thank you.
Hi. It's a nice place.
Thanks. I've got to put her down
for a nap.
Okay.
GERARD UTILITY
ADAM WENSCOMBE
Shit.
Can I help you?
No. I've got it.
Do you have a vase that
I could put these flowers in?
Yeah. check on top
of the fridge.
There should be something
up there.
This'll work.
So that picture...
in the hall of your mother
and me.
Did you get that from your ma?
Where else would it
have come from?
It was taken
just before she got pregnant.
We were trying to get clean.
We weren't doing a very good job
of it.
We fantasized...
about getting married
and that we'd start this--
Start a rehab facility
to help people like you.
Yeah. I heard.
Things don't always work out
the way we want. do they?
I always remember her eyes.
They were so--
They were so sweet and warm.
But even when she smiled.
she still seemed kind of sad.
One time she told me
that I was the love of her life.
-And that if she could--
-Time to eat.
So I was thinking...
If you keep showing signs
of becoming a better person.
truly.
That I'll give you
some of your money back.
In installments. of course.
[door slams]
Finished up a little early
[clears throat].
Didn't realize
we were having company.
Are you hungry. I can get you--
Nope. I got it. All good.
-[chair scrapes on floor]
-[she clears throat]
This is Adam.
-Hey.
Did she show you our baby?
Yeah.
-Beautiful. right?
-Yeah.
She's gorgeous. yeah.
-Mm.
-You two should be very proud.
-So you live here. too.
-No. I live nearby.
But you're here
all the time. babe.
He's here all the time.
and we share bills sometimes.
-Oh. So...
-Yeah.
What do you do
for a living. Adam?
[Adam snorts]
He works on cars.
Yeah. you ever seen her dance?
She's a hell of a dancer.
Yeah.
-She's pretty good.
-Oh yeah.
That where you two met?
At the club?
[inaudible]
-Yeah. it was.
-Do you want some water?
No. I'm fine.
-Honey. I can get you water too.
-No. I'm fine. I'm okay.
I'm actually going
to stop dancing
in like a month or so.
As we get closer to moving...
west. so...
Oh yeah.
you must be really excited
to move out there.
to get the hell out of dodge.
Yeah.
Ever been out there. out west?
-Uh-uh.
-No? Oh.
It's beautiful. Oh yeah.
You three...
You'll love it.
Well. um...
I should be going.
This has been really great.
I really thank you
for the dinner. It's...
Thank you. You're--
You're very gracious.
Wonderful meeting your baby
and I'll see you again.
Thank you guys.
[dog barking]
[car ignition starts]
The fuck was he doing here?
Hm?
I heard you when I came in.
Are you seriously thinking
about giving him
some of his money back?
That asshole walked around
like you didn't exist
for your entire life.
Do not forget that.
Hey. what we took.
It's blood money.
Do you understand.
Do you understand?
Come into the house.
[suspenseful music]
[phone vibrates]
-Hello?
-Rod? Rodney?
-Rodney?
-Mr. Strathmore.
Find your daughter?
Yeah. I did.
Hey. can you look
into an Adam Wenscombe?
It's W-E-N-S
C-O-M-B-E.
He's engaged to my daughter.
Sure. In light of your whole
"riches to rags" thing.
it's on the house.
Thanks. I appreciate it.
Call you when I know something.
[phone vibrating]
-Hello?
-Did I wake you?
Doesn't matter.
So your daughter's fiancé. Adam.
-Yeah.
-He's real bad news. man.
I'm no life coach.
but here's my two cents.
If you care about your daughter.
I'd intervene in that shit
right quick.
-What can you tell me about him?
-Been in and out of rehab.
Possession and dealing.
A few B&Es. The works.
Guy's worse on paper than you.
[suspenseful music]
[dogs barking]
[knocking] Evelyn.
Evelyn. this is Donovan.
Can I speak to you for a second?
What happened?
Come in.
[door slams]
[lock clicks]
What the fuck
are you still doing around?
I couldn't leave you again.
Now what happened?
Adam.
He came by
with some of his friends
coked out of his mind.
And he forced me to transfer
the money. all of it.
[sniffs]
I thought we were going to go--
I thought-- [sobs]
Is...
Is Maureen alright?
Yeah? Here.
Thank you.
Tell me how I can find him.
He's probably at his friend's.
If they haven't left town yet.
they're getting ready to.
Why would he do this?
[sighs] Fuck.
He owed some money
to some people.
And he promised me
that he would pay them off.
And then
we'd move west together.
But he was so mad.
He was furious.
you know. and he...
He'd heard me tell you that...
I wanted to give you
some of the money back.
Now you listen to me.
None of this is your fault.
Okay?
Tell me where I can find him.
If he's still in the state.
he's at his friend's.
-233 Michigan.
-233.
-It's a green house.
-You and the baby safe here?
No reason for him
to come back now. is there?
Well let's hope that's true.
Okay. look. you stay here.
You call the cops if you have to
and I will find a--
Oh and. um...
Don't open that door.
You barricade it
with a chair or table. whatever.
Evelyn. You got it?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
[door slams]
[faint hip-hop beats]
Guys. I think we need to get...
we need to hurry this up. okay?
What's the fucking rush?
We have all these fucking drugs.
You paid them off. We're rich.
We can do anything we want.
We should celebrate.
Yeah we can celebrate
when we get maybe
the fuck out of here. alright?
What is the rush?
The fuck are you doing here?
Getting my daughter back
her money.
She has your baby
to take care of.
[laughs]
Oh that's funny.
-Coming from you.
-Yeah.
You beat up an innocent woman.
Took everything that she has.
And now
you're about to abandon her?
You think when you get
where you're going
you're going to be happy?
The guilt will eat you up.
I promise you.
We had plans for that money.
Hey? Until you came along
and fucked everything up.
Adam. come on.
Just listen to me please.
None of this is for me.
Just give her some of the money
so she can live for a while.
if you're going to leave her
and Maureen.
Adam.
It's never too late
to choose to be a good man.
[laughs]
[Adam's friend] Good man?
[laughter continues]
It's not too late.
Adam [laughs].
You really going
to let this old fuck
tell you what to do. bro?
The fuck are you waiting for?
Kick his fucking ass.
-Yeah.
You need to leave. Right now.
Not until I get what I came for.
Don't be such a pussy. Adam.
Give him
what he fucking came for
and beat his fucking ass.
Yeah. don't fucking wait.
Stop standing there.
Make a fucking move. Adam.
-Shut up!
-Fucking hit him.
Hit him!
Put him
in a fucking wheelchair. Adam.
You remind me of something.
-Yeah?
-Yeah. Me when I was younger.
-Fucking hit him.
-Come on.
[intense music]
[impact]
[thuds]
We should hit the road. guys.
[Donovan gasping]
Got a long ways ahead of us.
And who knows
if Sergeant Badass over here...
came to call the cops on us.
-[groans]
-What else you got?
Thanks.
Let's go.
[footsteps]
[groans]
[grunts]
[high-pitched tone]
[breathing heavily]
[groans]
[knocking at door]
Evelyn? [coughs]
Evelyn [knocks]. It's Donovan.
It's Donovan.
-Oh my God.
-[groans]
It's okay.
Oh God. It hurts.
-I know. I'm sorry.
-It's okay.
I can't believe you walked
all the way here.
They took my car and my phone.
-Thank you for...
-Yeah.
Did he get all your money?
Oh no.
Why can't you just hack him
and get it back.
Because he's a better hacker
than I am.
I mean...
It's gone. Dad. it's gone.
You-- you just called me Dad.
You have...
You have your mother's eyes.
[laughs]
[continues laughing]
[baby squawks]
[she chuckles]
[sighs deeply]